# # ItemPromotion

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**applyDiscountToSingleItemOnly** | **bool** | This flag is relevant in only when &lt;b&gt;promotionType&lt;/b&gt; is set to &lt;code&gt;VOLUME_DISCOUNT&lt;/code&gt;. For details on volume pricing discounts, see &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;/api-docs/sell/static/marketing/pm-volume-discounts.html\&quot;&gt;Configuring volume pricing discounts&lt;/a&gt;.  &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;If set to &lt;code&gt;true&lt;/code&gt;, the discount is applied only when the buyer purchases multiple quantities of a single item that is being discounted. Otherwise, the discount applies to multiple quantities of any the items being discounted. Different variations of a multi-variation item are considered to be the same item. Note that this flag is not relevant if the &lt;b&gt;inventoryCriterion&lt;/b&gt; container identifies a single listing ID for the discount. | [optional]
**budget** | [**\macropage\SDKs\ebay\rest\marketing\Model\Amount**](Amount.md) |  | [optional]
**couponConfiguration** | [**\macropage\SDKs\ebay\rest\marketing\Model\CouponConfiguration**](CouponConfiguration.md) |  | [optional]
**description** | **string** | This is the seller-defined \&quot;tag line\&quot; for the offer, such as \&quot;Save on designer shoes.\&quot;  &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;The tag line appears under the \&quot;offer-type text\&quot; that is generated for the discount and is displayed on the offer tile that&#39;s shown on the seller&#39;s &lt;b&gt;All Offers&lt;/b&gt; page, and on the event page for the discount.  &lt;p class&#x3D;\&quot;tablenote\&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note:&lt;/b&gt; Offer-type text is a teaser that&#39;s presented throughout the buyer&#39;s journey through the sales flow and is generated by eBay. The offer-type text is not editable by the seller&amp;mdash;it&#39;s derived from the settings in the &lt;b&gt;discountRules&lt;/b&gt; and &lt;b&gt;discountSpecification&lt;/b&gt; fields&amp;mdash;and can be, for example, \&quot;Extra 20% off when you buy 3+\&quot;.&lt;/p&gt;  &lt;br&gt;&lt;b&gt;Maximum length:&lt;/b&gt; 50 &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;i&gt;Required if&lt;/i&gt; you are configuring CODED_COUPON, ORDER_DISCOUNT, or MARKDOWN_SALE discounts (and not valid for VOLUME_DISCOUNT discounts). | [optional]
**discountRules** | [**\macropage\SDKs\ebay\rest\marketing\Model\DiscountRule[]**](DiscountRule.md) | This container defines a discount using the following two required fields: &lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;discountBenefit&lt;/b&gt; &amp;ndash; Defines a discount as either a monetary amount or a percentage that is subtracted from the sales price of an item, a set of items, or an order.&lt;/li&gt;  &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;discountSpecification&lt;/b&gt; &amp;ndash; Defines a set of rules that determine when the discount is applied.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt; &lt;p class&#x3D;\&quot;tablenote\&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note:&lt;/b&gt; For volume pricing, you must specify at least two and not more than four &lt;b&gt;discountBenefit&lt;/b&gt;/&lt;b&gt;discountSpecification&lt;/b&gt; pairs. In addition, you must define each set of rules with a &lt;b&gt;ruleOrder&lt;/b&gt; value that corresponds with the order of volume discounts you present.&lt;/p&gt;  &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Tip:&lt;/b&gt; Refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;/api-docs/sell/static/marketing/pm-specifying-discounts.html\&quot;&gt;Specifying item discounts&lt;/a&gt; for information and examples on how to combine &lt;b&gt;discountBenefit&lt;/b&gt; and &lt;b&gt;discountSpecification&lt;/b&gt; to create different types of discounts.&lt;/p&gt; | [optional]
**endDate** | **string** | The date and time the discount ends in UTC format (&lt;code&gt;yyyy-MM-ddThh:mm:ssZ&lt;/code&gt;). For display purposes, convert this time into the local time of the seller. | [optional]
**inventoryCriterion** | [**\macropage\SDKs\ebay\rest\marketing\Model\InventoryCriterion**](InventoryCriterion.md) |  | [optional]
**marketplaceId** | **string** | The eBay marketplace ID of the site where the threshold discount is hosted. Threshold discounts are currently supported on a limited number of eBay marketplaces.  &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Valid values:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;  &lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;EBAY_AU&lt;/code&gt; &#x3D; Australia&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;EBAY_DE&lt;/code&gt; &#x3D; Germany&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;EBAY_ES&lt;/code&gt; &#x3D; Spain&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;EBAY_FR&lt;/code&gt; &#x3D; France&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;EBAY_GB&lt;/code&gt; &#x3D; Great Britain&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;EBAY_IT&lt;/code&gt; &#x3D; Italy&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;EBAY_US&lt;/code&gt; &#x3D; United States&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt; For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/sell/marketing/types/ba:MarketplaceIdEnum&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional]
**name** | **string** | The seller-defined name or \&quot;title\&quot; of the discount that the seller can use to identify a discounts. This label is not displayed in end-user flows.  &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;b&gt;Maximum length:&lt;/b&gt; 90 | [optional]
**priority** | **string** | Applicable for only &lt;b&gt;ORDER_DISCOUNT&lt;/b&gt; discounts, this field indicates the precedence of the discounts, which is used to determine the position of a discount on the seller&#39;s &lt;b&gt;All Offers&lt;/b&gt; page. If an item is associated with multiple discounts, the discount with the higher priority takes precedence. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/sell/marketing/types/sme:PromotionPriorityEnum&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional]
**promotionImageUrl** | **string** | Required for CODED_COUPON, MARKDOWN_SALE, and ORDER_DISCOUNT discounts, and not valid for VOLUME_DISCOUNT discounts.  &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;Populate this field with a URL that points to an image to be used with the discount. This image is displayed on the seller&#39;s &lt;b&gt;All Offers&lt;/b&gt; page. The URL must point to either JPEG or PNG image and it must be a minimum of 500x500 pixels in dimension and cannot exceed 12Mb in size. | [optional]
**promotionStatus** | **string** | The current status of the discount. When creating a new discount, this value must be set to either &lt;code&gt;DRAFT&lt;/code&gt; or &lt;code&gt;SCHEDULED&lt;/code&gt;.  &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;Note that you must set this value to &lt;code&gt;SCHEDULED&lt;/code&gt; when you update a &lt;b&gt;RUNNING&lt;/b&gt; discount. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/sell/marketing/types/sme:PromotionStatusEnum&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional]
**promotionType** | **string** | Use this field to specify the type of the discount you are creating. &lt;p&gt;The supported types are:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;CODED_COUPON&lt;/code&gt; &amp;ndash; A coupon code discount set with &lt;b&gt;createItemPromotion&lt;/b&gt;.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;MARKDOWN_SALE&lt;/code&gt; &amp;ndash; A markdown discount set with &lt;b&gt;createItemPriceMarkdownPromotion&lt;/b&gt;.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;ORDER_DISCOUNT&lt;/code&gt; &amp;ndash; A threshold discount set with &lt;b&gt;createItemPromotion&lt;/b&gt;.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;VOLUME_DISCOUNT&lt;/code&gt; &amp;ndash; A volume pricing discount set with &lt;b&gt;createItemPromotion&lt;/b&gt;.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt; &lt;p&gt;See the &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;/api-docs/sell/static/marketing/promotions-manager.html\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Discounts Manager&lt;/a&gt; documentation for details.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;i&gt;Required if &lt;/i&gt; you are creating a volume pricing discount (&lt;code&gt;VOLUME_DISCOUNT&lt;/code&gt;).&lt;/p&gt; For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/sell/marketing/types/sme:PromotionTypeEnum&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional]
**startDate** | **string** | The date and time the discount starts in UTC format (&lt;code&gt;yyyy-MM-ddThh:mm:ssZ&lt;/code&gt;). For display purposes, convert this time into the local time of the seller. | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
