# # QuickSetupRequest

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**budget** | [**\macropage\SDKs\ebay\rest\marketing\Model\CampaignBudgetRequest**](CampaignBudgetRequest.md) |  | [optional]
**campaignName** | **string** | The seller-defined name for the campaign. This value must be unique for the seller.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt; You can use any alphanumeric characters in the name, except for the less than (&lt;code&gt;&lt;&lt;/code&gt;) and greater than (&lt;code&gt;&gt;&lt;/code&gt;) characters.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;b&gt;Max Length&lt;/b&gt;: 80 characters | [optional]
**endDate** | **string** | The date and time the campaign is scheduled to end, in UTC format (&lt;code&gt;yyyy-MM-ddThh:mm:ss.sssZ&lt;/code&gt;).&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;If this field is omitted, the campaign will have no defined end date, and will not end until the seller ends the campaign using the &lt;a href&#x3D; \&quot;/api-docs/sell/marketing/resources/campaign/methods/endCampaign\&quot;&gt;endCampaign&lt;/a&gt; method, or if they update the campaign to include an end date using the &lt;a href&#x3D; \&quot;/api-docs/sell/marketing/resources/campaign/methods/updateCampaignIdentification\&quot;&gt;updateCampaignIdentification&lt;/a&gt; method. This date must be further in the future than the &lt;b&gt;startDate&lt;/b&gt;. | [optional]
**listingIds** | **string[]** | This array includes the listing Ids of the items that are to be associated with the priority strategy campaign. eBay will create ad groups and keywords for these listings and add them to the campaign.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt; Each value must be delimited by a comma. A maximum of 1000 listing Ids can be added to a campaign created using the &lt;b&gt;setupQuickCampaign&lt;/b&gt; method. | [optional]
**marketplaceId** | **string** | The Id of the marketplace where the campaign is hosted. See the &lt;a href&#x3D; \&quot;/api-docs/sell/marketing/types/ba:MarketplaceIdEnum\&quot;&gt;MarkeplaceIdEnum&lt;/a&gt; type for more details.  For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/sell/marketing/types/ba:MarketplaceIdEnum&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional]
**startDate** | **string** | The date and time the campaign is scheduled to start, in UTC format (&lt;code&gt;yyyy-MM-ddThh:mm:ss.sssZ&lt;/code&gt;).&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt; On the specified date, the service derives the keywords for each listing in the campaign, creates an ad for each listing, and associates each new ad with the campaign. The campaign starts once this process is completed. The amount of time it takes the service to start the campaign depends on the number of listings in the campaign.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;span class&#x3D;\&quot;tablenote\&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note:&lt;/b&gt; If the &lt;b&gt;startDate&lt;/b&gt; has passed by the time the seller launches a campaign, the campaign will be updated to &lt;code&gt;RUNNING&lt;/code&gt; status. If the seller launches a campaign before the &lt;b&gt;startDate&lt;/b&gt;, the campaign will be updated to &lt;code&gt;SCHEDULED&lt;/code&gt; status and will change to &lt;code&gt;RUNNING&lt;/code&gt; status at the time of the specified &lt;b&gt;startDate&lt;/b&gt;.&lt;/span&gt; | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
