# # UpdateCampaignRequest

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**audienceCodes** | **string[]** | An array of audience codes for the audiences of the email campaign. At least one audience code is required. There is no limit to the number of audience codes that may be entered.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;b&gt;Example: &lt;/b&gt; if the current email campaign contains &lt;code&gt;\&quot;audienceCodes\&quot;: \&quot;code1\&quot;, \&quot;code2\&quot;&lt;/code&gt; and the user wishes to add an audience code &lt;code&gt;code3&lt;/code&gt;, set the &lt;code&gt;audienceCodes&lt;/code&gt; value to &lt;code&gt;\&quot;audienceCodes\&quot;: \&quot;code1\&quot;, \&quot;code2\&quot;, \&quot;code3\&quot;&lt;/code&gt;.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;To retrieve seller audiences, call &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;/api-docs/sell/marketing/resources/email_campaign/methods/getAudiences\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;getAudiences&lt;/a&gt;. Use the code values in the response to populate audienceCodes. | [optional]
**categoryId** | **string** | The unique identifier of either an eBay category or a store category.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;This field is used if a seller wants to apply an email campaign to a specific eBay category or store category. The &lt;b&gt;categoryType&lt;/b&gt; determines whether the &lt;b&gt;categoryId&lt;/b&gt; value is an eBay category or store category.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;To retrieve eBay categories, use the &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;/devzone/xml/docs/reference/ebay/GetCategories.html\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;getCategories&lt;/a&gt; or Taxonomy API. To retrieve seller store categories, use the &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;/devzone/xml/docs/reference/ebay/GetStore.html\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;getStore&lt;/a&gt; call. Use the &lt;b&gt;categoryId&lt;/b&gt; value of the desired category from the results as the value in the request.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;b&gt;itemSelectMode&lt;/b&gt; must be set to &lt;code&gt;AUTO&lt;/code&gt; in order to use a category ID. | [optional]
**categoryType** | **string** | This field must be set when applying an email campaign to a specific eBay category or store category. The enumeration value used indicates which type of category the &lt;b&gt;categoryId&lt;/b&gt; belongs to. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/sell/marketing/types/api:CategoryTypeEnum&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional]
**itemIds** | **string[]** | An array of unique identifiers for the listings displayed in an email campaign. Used if the seller wishes to select the eBay listings in the email campaign rather than have eBay automatically select them.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;Call &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;/DevZone/XML/docs/Reference/eBay/GetSellerList.html#GetSellerList\&quot;&gt;getSellerList&lt;/a&gt; to retrieve all seller listings. Each &lt;b&gt;Item&lt;/b&gt; result contains an &lt;b&gt;ItemID&lt;/b&gt; value. Use this value in &lt;b&gt;itemIds&lt;/b&gt; to feature that listing.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;The maximum number of &lt;b&gt;itemIds&lt;/b&gt; for the &lt;code&gt;COUPON&lt;/code&gt; campaign type is 4, and for every other campaign type is 10.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;b&gt;itemSelectMode&lt;/b&gt; must be set to &lt;code&gt;MANUAL&lt;/code&gt; in order to use this field. | [optional]
**itemSelectMode** | **string** | Determines whether listings featured in an email campaign are selected by the seller or by eBay.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;If &lt;b&gt;itemSelectMode&lt;/b&gt; is set to &lt;code&gt;AUTO&lt;/code&gt;, eBay automatically choses listings based on values set for &lt;b&gt;sort&lt;/b&gt;, &lt;b&gt;categoryType&lt;/b&gt;, &lt;b&gt;categoryId&lt;/b&gt;, and &lt;b&gt;priceRange&lt;/b&gt;.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;If &lt;b&gt;itemSelectMode&lt;/b&gt; is set to &lt;code&gt;MANUAL&lt;/code&gt;, listings are set by the seller by populating the &lt;code&gt;itemIds&lt;/code&gt; array.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;span class&#x3D;\&quot;tablenote\&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note: &lt;/b&gt;&lt;b&gt;itemSelectMode&lt;/b&gt; is always set to &lt;code&gt;AUTO&lt;/code&gt; for &lt;code&gt;WELCOME&lt;/code&gt; email campaigns.&lt;/span&gt; For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/sell/marketing/types/api:ItemSelectModeEnum&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional]
**personalizedMessage** | **string** | The body of the email campaign. Accepts HTML and CSS. The maximum length is 1000 characters | [optional]
**priceRange** | [**\macropage\SDKs\ebay\rest\marketing\Model\PriceRange**](PriceRange.md) |  | [optional]
**promotionId** | **string** | The ID of the promotion used for an email campaign if the &lt;b&gt;emailCampaignType&lt;/b&gt; is set to &lt;code&gt;COUPON&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;SALE_EVENT&lt;/code&gt;, or &lt;code&gt;ORDER_DISCOUNT&lt;/code&gt;, and &lt;b&gt;promotionSelectModeEnum&lt;/b&gt; is set to &lt;code&gt;MANUAL&lt;/code&gt;.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;To find a promotion, call &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;/api-docs/sell/marketing/resources/promotion/methods/getPromotions\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;getPromotions&lt;/a&gt; to retrieve a list of the seller&#39;s promotions. Use the &lt;b&gt;promotionId&lt;/b&gt; from an individual &lt;b&gt;PromotionDetail&lt;/b&gt; result for the request. | [optional]
**promotionSelectModeEnum** | **string** | The selection mode for the promotion used. If set to &lt;code&gt;AUTO&lt;/code&gt;, eBay will choose the promotion to include in the email campaign. If set to &lt;code&gt;MANUAL&lt;/code&gt;, the seller must specify the promotion in the &lt;b&gt;promotionId&lt;/b&gt; field.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;This field is required if the &lt;b&gt;emailCampaignType&lt;/b&gt; is set to &lt;code&gt;COUPON&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;SALE_EVENT&lt;/code&gt;, or &lt;code&gt;ORDER_DISCOUNT&lt;/code&gt;. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/sell/marketing/types/api:PromotionSelectModeEnum&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional]
**scheduleDate** | **string** | The date and time that the email campaign newsletter will be sent, given in UTC format. Example: 2023-05-20T03:13:35Z&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;This field should be used if the seller wishes to send the email campaign on a future date. If no &lt;b&gt;scheduleDate&lt;/b&gt; is set, the email campaign will send once it is created or updated. | [optional]
**sort** | **string** | The sort rule is used to display the listings featured in the email campaign.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;Sort rules are only used if &lt;b&gt;itemSelectMode&lt;/b&gt; is set to &lt;code&gt;AUTO&lt;/code&gt;. If &lt;b&gt;itemSelectMode&lt;/b&gt; is &lt;code&gt;MANUAL&lt;/code&gt;, listings are displayed in the order in which they are listed in the &lt;b&gt;itemIds&lt;/b&gt; array.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;The following sort rules are available:&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;ENDING_FIRST&lt;/code&gt; displays listings by ending date, from soonest to latest.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;LOWEST_PRICED&lt;/code&gt; displays listings by price, from lowest to highest.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;HIGHEST_PRICED&lt;/code&gt; displays listings by price, from highest to lowest.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;NEWLY_LISTED&lt;/code&gt; displays listings by date listed, with the newest first.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;The default sort rule is &lt;code&gt;NEWLY_LISTED&lt;/code&gt;. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/sell/marketing/types/api:ItemSortEnum&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional]
**subject** | **string** | The email campaign subject. The maximum length is 70 characters. | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
